# OOP-Related-Bugs-Study-ICSE25-Artifacts
This is the project repository of our TSE research paper: A Comprehensive Study of OOP-Related Bugs in C++ Compilers.
The project is composed of the following 3 folders that records our empiricial study result, proof-of-concept application and bug finding experiment result respectively.


  
## dataset

---
This folder contains a summary file that records the entire detailed information of all the bug reports we explored during our empiricial study, including each of the report's id in its bug repository, its creation date, symptom, priority and severity, title, its bug type with the corresponding subtype according to our classification criteria and its root cause type obtained by analyzing the patch code. All of the diagram and statistics provided in our paper can be completely exported from this form.

## OOPFuzz

---
This folder contains the whole project of our proof-of-concept tool, OOPFuzz. We have written a detailed `readme.md` file under the folder that gives explanation on how to install the project, how to apply the handwritten mutators to seed programs and how to conduct differential testing to find bugs automatically.
  
  
## bug triggering inputs

---

This folder contains test program files that trigger newly-found bugs generated by OOPFuzz. For each of the program, the status of the corresponding newly-found bug and the compiler version that we discovered it are labeled on the first 2 lines of the file. We have submitted bug report for each of the program in this folder. More information including the full bug report link can be found in the `record.xls` file under this folder. 



